README.md, before:

# Image Classification - TensorFlow in Go
## Run With Docker
The easiest way to run this project is through docker. First, build the image.
```
docker build -t tensorgo .
```

And then run the image in a container and publish port to 3000
```
docker run --publish 3000:3000 tensorgo --rm
```

Now you can see the app on `localhost:3000`!

## Run Without Docker
### Prerequisites
* Go 1.8+
* Node 6+
* Python 2.7+

### Install TensorFlow C binding
[Source](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_c): Execute the following shell command
```
 TF_TYPE="cpu" # Change to "gpu" for GPU support
 OS="linux" # Change to "darwin" for macOS
 TARGET_DIRECTORY="/usr/local"
 curl -L \
   "https://storage.googleapis.com/tensorflow/libtensorflow/libtensorflow-${TF_TYPE}-${OS}-x86_64-1.8.0.tar.gz" |
   sudo tar -C $TARGET_DIRECTORY -xz
```

Then configure the linker
```
sudo ldconfig
```

### Install Project Dependencies
Once TensorFlow is installed, next is to install Go dependency
```
dep ensure
```

Then compile Go source code
```
go install
```

Install node modules for building the frontend
```
npm install
```

Then build it
```
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Added demo images to README

README.md, after:

# Image Classification - TensorFlow in Go
## What is it?
It's a simple application that allows you to upload an image and performs classification on it.

First, user clicks upload and select an image:
![demo-1](./assets/demo-1.png)

Then the server will run the image through a residual neural network with 50 layers and compute an
answer:

![demo-2](./assets/demo-2.png)

## Run With Docker
The easiest way to run this project is through docker. First, build the image.

    docker build -t tensorgo .

And then run the image in a container and publish port to 3000

    docker run --publish 3000:3000 tensorgo

Now you can see the app on `localhost:3000`!

## Run Without Docker
### Prerequisites
* Go 1.8+
* Node 6+
* Python 2.7+

### Install TensorFlow C binding
[Source](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_c): Execute the following shell command
```
 TF_TYPE="cpu" # Change to "gpu" for GPU support
 OS="linux" # Change to "darwin" for macOS
 TARGET_DIRECTORY="/usr/local"
 curl -L \
   "https://storage.googleapis.com/tensorflow/libtensorflow/libtensorflow-${TF_TYPE}-${OS}-x86_64-1.8.0.tar.gz" |
   sudo tar -C $TARGET_DIRECTORY -xz
```

Then configure the linker
```
sudo ldconfig
```

### Install Project Dependencies
Once TensorFlow is installed, next is to install Go dependency
```
dep ensure
```

Then compile Go source code
```
go install
```

Install node modules for building the frontend
```
npm install
```

Then build it
```
npm run build
```
